README.md, before:

**Autodidact learner with a passion of building Machine Learning Systems & Teaching**

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shlbatra/)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Portfolio-000000?style=flat&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://shlbatra.github.io/sahil_portfolio_website/resume.html)

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### [Wake Word Detector using Deep Learning](https://github.com/shlbatra/TriggerWakeWordDetection/blob/main/README.md)
- Used Mozilla Common Voice Dataset
- Integrated Google Speech to Text
- Achieved 85%+ accuracy

### [End to end ML Ops pipeline](https://github.com/shlbatra/Machine-learning-Ops-Deployment-Inference/blob/main/Readme.md)
- End-to-end ML model training and deployment 
- Batch and streaming inference

### [GPT2 Transformer Decoder Model](https://github.com/shlbatra/GPT2/blob/main/README.md)
- Next word prediction model based on GPT2 paper
- Deployment on GPU cluster

### [Sentiment Analysis on AWS](https://github.com/shlbatra/AWS_Sagemaker_Projects/blob/main/README.md)
- Sentiment Analysis model using LSTM
- Deployed on AWS Sagemaker

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

**Cloud Platforms:** GCP, AWS  
**Databases:** IBM DB2, SQL Server, Teradata, BigQuery, RedShift  
**ML Tools:** SageMaker, Vertex, Transformer, Kubeflow  
**Programming Languages:** Python, Bash, SQL  
**ETL Tools:** Informatica, DataProc, DataFlow  
**Software/Tools:** Airflow, Git, Docker, Kubernetes  
**ML Packages:** scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, tensorflow, pytorch  


## 🎓 Certifications

- ML Engineer (Fourth Brain)
- Deep Learning Specialization (Coursera)
- Natural Language Processing Specialization (Coursera)
- Data Engineering Nanodegree (Udacity)

Commit message:

Add Transformer Encoder Model to README
Added section for Transformer Encoder Model with details.

README.md, after:

**Autodidact learner with a passion of building Machine Learning Systems & Teaching**

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shlbatra/)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Portfolio-000000?style=flat&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://shlbatra.github.io/sahil_portfolio_website/resume.html)

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### [Wake Word Detector using Deep Learning](https://github.com/shlbatra/TriggerWakeWordDetection/blob/main/README.md)
- Used Mozilla Common Voice Dataset
- Integrated Google Speech to Text
- Achieved 85%+ accuracy

### [End to end ML Ops pipeline](https://github.com/shlbatra/Machine-learning-Ops-Deployment-Inference/blob/main/Readme.md)
- End-to-end ML model training and deployment 
- Batch and streaming inference

### [GPT2 Transformer Decoder Model](https://github.com/shlbatra/GPT2/blob/main/README.md)
- Next word prediction model based on GPT2 paper
- Deployment on GPU cluster

### [Transformer Encoder Model](https://github.com/shlbatra/GPT2/blob/main/README.md)
- Transformer Encoder Model built from Scratch
- Embedding from Encoder Model used for downstream Topic Classification problem

### [Sentiment Analysis on AWS](https://github.com/shlbatra/AWS_Sagemaker_Projects/blob/main/README.md)
- Sentiment Analysis model using LSTM
- Deployed on AWS Sagemaker

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

**Cloud Platforms:** GCP, AWS  
**Databases:** IBM DB2, SQL Server, Teradata, BigQuery, RedShift  
**ML Tools:** SageMaker, Vertex, Transformer, Kubeflow  
**Programming Languages:** Python, Bash, SQL  
**ETL Tools:** Informatica, DataProc, DataFlow  
**Software/Tools:** Airflow, Git, Docker, Kubernetes  
**ML Packages:** scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, tensorflow, pytorch  


## 🎓 Certifications

- ML Engineer (Fourth Brain)
- Deep Learning Specialization (Coursera)
- Natural Language Processing Specialization (Coursera)
- Data Engineering Nanodegree (Udacity)
